feat(changelog): managed-inference-added-chat-and-embedding-apis-now-ret 2024-08-26 (#3628)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2024/2024-08-26-managed-inference-added-chat-and-embedding-apis-now-ret.mdx

---
title: Chat and Embedding APIs now return usage stats
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #ai channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-08-26
category: ai-data
product: managed-inference
---

Managed Inference endpoints now return usage stats (number of tokens in prompt, completion and totals) both for streaming and non-streaming responses.

> For streaming responses, the usage field is incremented in each chunk and complete in the very last chunk on the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For streaming responses, the usage field is incremented in each chunk, and completed in the very last chunk of the response.
```

> More details and example in our [OpenAI API compatibility documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details and examples in our [OpenAI API compatibility documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility/).
```
